Fixed some minor typos (#39264)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/06-quality-assurance/advanced-node-and-express/set-up-the-environment.english.md

<section id='description'>
For the following challenges, you will be working with a new starter project that is different from the previous one. You can find the new starter project on <a href='https://glitch.com/edit/#!/remix/clone-from-repo?REPO_URL=https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-socketio/'>Glitch</a>, or clone it from <a href='https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-socketio/'>GitHub</a>.
Add Socket.IO as a dependency and require/instantiate it in your server defined as 'io' with the http server as an argument. <code>const io = require('socket.io')(http);</code>

> The first thing needing to be handled is listening for a new connection from the client. The <dfn>on</dfn> keyword does just that- listen for a specific event. It requires 2 arguments: a string containing the title of the event that emitted, and a function through which the data is passed. In the case of our connection listener, we use <em>socket</em> to define the data in the second argument. A socket is an individual client who is connected.

Reviewer: Mixing an earlier suggestion by @erictleung and mine:
```suggestion
The first thing to handle is listening for a new connection from the client. The <dfn>on</dfn> keyword does just that—listen for a specific event. It requires 2 arguments: a string containing the title of the event that's emitted, and a function through which the data is passed. For our connection listener, we use <em>socket</em> to define the data in the second argument. A socket is an individual client who is connected.
```

> The first thing needing to be handled is listening for a new connection from the client. The <dfn>on</dfn> keyword does just that- listen for a specific event. It requires 2 arguments: a string containing the title of the event that emitted, and a function with which the data is passed through. In the case of our connection listener, we use <em>socket</em> to define the data in the second argument. A socket is an individual client who is connected.

Reviewer 2: Simplify sentences and make it clearer. I replaced a hyphen with an em dash as well.

```suggestion
The first thing to be handle is listening for a new connection from the client. The <dfn>on</dfn> keyword does just that—listen for a specific event. It requires 2 arguments: a string containing the title of the event that's emitted, and a function with which the data is passed through. For our connection listener, we use <em>socket</em> to define the data in the second argument. A socket is an individual client who is connected.
```

Reviewer: @erictleung I think you meant "The first thing to be handled is listening for a new connection from the client."

Reviewer 2: @RandellDawson thanks for catching that! I wanted it to be simpler, actually, to just "The first thing to handle..."

> The first thing needing to be handled is listening for a new connection from the client. The <dfn>on</dfn> keyword does just that- listen for a specific event. It requires 2 arguments: a string containing the title of the event that emitted, and a function with which the data is passed through. In the case of our connection listener, we use <em>socket</em> to define the data in the second argument. A socket is an individual client who is connected.

Reviewer: Sorry one last fix.  Should not end a sentence with a preposition.
```suggestion
The first thing needing to be handled is listening for a new connection from the client. The <dfn>on</dfn> keyword does just that- listen for a specific event. It requires 2 arguments: a string containing the title of the event that emitted, and a function through which the data is passed. In the case of our connection listener, we use <em>socket</em> to define the data in the second argument. A socket is an individual client who is connected.
```
